[Applause]
[Music]
costa rica baby so actually i'm about to
leave coast and i'm not leaving costa
rica yeah i'm leaving tamarindo been
here for about five days series of
unfortunate events today
woke up at eight to go take my shuttle
to go santa teresa and what happened was
they supposedly came they just left now
i have to wait for the one at three
o'clock right now it is 11 50 right now
let's show you the sales for today let's
check it out
right now we're about
1.71
k yesterday we hit 3.79
yesterday was that a 65 prop market so
we profited about 2.4k this has been a
pretty crazy week very high profit
margin been testing out all kinds of new
strategies yesterday only spent five
hundred dollars in ads for 3.7 k kind of
crazy this month 123 k month we're about
70k profit kind of unheard of but been
testing out new things new strategies
anyway update you
with my sales all right i just came to a
nice cute little restaurant all right
you can see
super excited to get out of this
town
really want to surf i've tried surfing
out here and the ways are just like
really small just yesterday it started
to pick up but supposedly san teresa has
really good ways so i'm super excited
i'm trying to short board here it's just
like all lumber waves and regardless
it's a nice little town i had
the craziest sunset you're gonna have to
see it
oh my god
that was on my instagram story
don't follow me on instagram
do so at original andy yeah just gonna
hang out for a bit i'm thinking about
i'm walking but i'm sitting and
taking guys with me because i haven't
done that yet let's go do that right now
[Music]
that's just
we got about one hour and 30 until we
get on this bus
so let's walk for a bit
i want to hop on one of those so bad but
anyway that's the coffee shop i've been
going to
[Music]
so this place right here gets crazy
packed at night this entire trip i have
not gone out
to the bar once i've been going to bed
at 10 waking up at seven
grinding just because i know that i'm
going to santa teresa i'm probably gonna
hurting a little bit more this is more
of like a quiet town so that's kind of
why i'm not really focusing on going but
here's the little food court that they
have here
through their shitty
i had one thing i think at the cocktail
place
i got tacos mainly eating at like more
of the reviewed places because i'm not
trying to get sick here but no it's like
a cute little town check out
chicken out and about with my canadian
accent
try not to get run over here
[Music]
so this has pretty much been the path
i've been taking every day to get to the
beach oh it doesn't look that bad like
it's like what head high and i was
telling you about right off that rock it
breaks really nice it's kind of weird to
think i'll probably never come back to
tamarindo this is the last time i'll
ever be here
[Music]
almost forgot i was passing by this gift
shop i need to get myself a tamarindo
souvenir so probably like a magnet or a
shot glass but they tax here they're
getting away with robbery and this
this
sorry to rant on let me go and get this
souvenir
three dollars is a lot for me
all right i got my three dollar souvenir
that little magnet now i'm contemplating
whether or not i'm gonna eat if i eat my
first meal at two is that shuttle ride's
gonna be five hours to santa teresa i
have no idea if they're gonna stop
probably not gonna risk
all right i just got to the restaurant
looks like it's it's mexican but we got
about an hour here and i'm just gonna
chill i'm not trying to miss his bus so
i'm gonna come early go get my bags
after i eat wait it's like way a little
bit down there so that should be good on
my way on my journey to santa teresa
five hours see how expensive it is hey
i'm actually thinking about doing a
series on like living on some crazy
number like 30 20 a day in costa rica
and see if i can actually do that and
given that i fast i'm starting to pass i
think it'd be pretty manageable it's
like i don't know where the hell i'm
gonna stay so uh you're gonna do a
little bit of research and see like if i
can actually do that i think that'd be
like a cool little series let's see if i
can cut it down and
challenge myself i think it'd be pretty
fun for me but anyway let's check out
this menu that we got here
oh okay here we go
i mean it's not crazy expensive at the
same time it's i don't think it should
be 10
15 a plate
hey we are in a very touristy area
everyone here seems like they're
americans it was cool but at the same
time like i want to go somewhere i want
to i want to experience a foreign
environment and it's a little bit harder
when all i hear is english and i try and
talk to people in spanish and they
describe just talk to me in english so
all right i got an american angus burger
with avocado
okay let's see how much that was it's
ten bucks
okay that's not bad i was in thailand
you can get a burger like that for five
bucks and get a pot time for a dollar
fifty
so it's kind of a little bit unfortunate
but we shall wait for our food but what
i wanted to introduce you guys is my
close stories
stacking value and value and value on
this close story of just like commerce
tips branding tips what exactly i'm
doing with my brand right now to achieve
the results that i just showed you guys
vip credits tick tock ads so it's going
to be all accessible
right there just going to be updating
updating updating it just today i just
updated a new close story on how to run
a sustainable
brand and really use drop shipping as a
platform to build a brand so you're able
to attain longevity long-term
consistency consistent profits high
profit margins so what i'm going to do
anyone that's watching this video i'm
gonna be giving away five spots all you
have to do is dm me on instagram close
in all caps i'm gonna pick five random
people i'm gonna give away lifetime
access to my closed story i'm just
excited to keep going endless
possibilities of business guys it's just
about being in that right environment
right now i'm isolating myself i'm in
the right headspace i'm getting a lot of
work done i'm going to sleep at 10
waking up at 7 and working at the coffee
shop afterwards going surfing eating
having a good time going out for a bit
but not going out and getting drunk
every single night let's just wait for
my food coming
food that's arrived 45 minutes so i get
picked up gotta demolish this
burger in so long
i'm gonna go get my stuff i just
finished eating and it was seven
thousand so i think it's like eleven
bucks it's only really true the
best ten bucks i've spent in a while
good ass burger but uh now i'm just
anxious i don't want to miss this bus or
this shuttle because i miss this shuttle
i'm actually 25 minutes until
they come we should be on our way
finally five hours
all right i'm gonna see you guys when we
get on the bus
yo santa teresa
it's about damn time
hi
jeez
i missed my first one
five hours
let's go get some wipes
[Music]
i fell asleep now i'm up
um
[Music]
oh babies so we made it to santa teresa
finally 9 30 finally made it i have to
show you guys because
it's been pretty crazy since but let's
check out these sales refresh real quick
i don't know if you can see that but
4.88
okay for the day you're doing better
than yesterday
30 live visitors let's show you guys the
profit dashboard it's not even the end
of the day right now it's 8 7 p.m in the
states 9 40 p.m
in costa rica so we still got a lot of
time to finish this day easy 5k day i'm
super excited but let's check out these
profit margins
as you can probably see the dashboard
right here the exact margins
so today that was yesterday but today
3.328k
4900 in revenue
484 dollars in ad spend forgot i might
as well show you guys how we're doing
for this whole month so this whole month
the entirety of this month we're looking
at a hundred and twenty six thousand
dollars in revenue twenty four thousand
costs goods
twenty four thousand dollars in aspen
and seventy four thousand dollars in
profit
all right so i got myself a little pesto
pasta
u.s prices fifteen bucks here we go
good though all right killed my food i
was so hungry i'm so hungry looks like
it's gonna be another
three thousand dollar private day so
pretty successful day low ad spend so
the exact strategies that i teach you
guys if you're a one-on-one student so
if you guys want to be one-on-one
student comment below go fill out the
application or dm me living on instagram
and uh yeah i mean
pretty much gonna end the day today it's
10 o'clock right now 9 57 and i'm pretty
beat been traveling all day probably
gonna wake up early tomorrow around
seven go surf and maybe tomorrow i might
recap a little bit or i might just end
it here if i don't then i'm gonna end it
here but anyway let me show you guys
what it's like to run a business
travel at the same time
but yeah
i'll catch you guys in the next one
peace
[Music]